Clarify whether `aarch64_vector_pcs` is needed for SVE (#21)
ARM-software/abi-aa: vfabia64/vfabia64.rst

|SVE          |Z0-Z7               |See AAPCS                    |
+-------------+--------------------+--------------+--------------+

The AAVPCS is implicit when a ``#pragma omp declare simd`` clause is attached
to a function definition or declaration. For user-defined Advanced SIMD vector
functions, the same behavior can be obtained by adding the
``aarch64_vector_pcs`` function attribute to the function definition or

> declaration as in the following examples. For SVE vector functions this is not

Author: This change would mean that 2 consecutive sentences start with `Note that`, which IMO doesn't read well.

> declaration as in the following examples. For SVE vector functions this is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
declaration as in the following examples. For user-defined SVE vector functions the attribute is not
```
